Subject: RtgDir Last Call review: draft-ietf-lsr-isis-flood-reflection-05

Hello,

I have been selected as the Routing Directorate reviewer for this draft. The
Routing Directorate seeks to review all routing or routing-related drafts as
they pass through IETF last call and IESG review, and sometimes on special
request. The purpose of the review is to provide assistance to the Routing
ADs. For more information about the Routing Directorate, please see
​http://trac.tools.ietf.org/area/rtg/trac/wiki/RtgDir

Although these comments are primarily for the use of the Routing ADs, it
would be helpful if you could consider them along with any other IETF Last
Call comments that you receive, and strive to resolve them through discussion
or by updating the draft.

Document: draft-ietf-lsr-isis-flood-reflection-05
Reviewer: Michael Richardson
Review Date: 2021-11-25
IETF LC End Date: 2021-12-17
Intended Status: Standards Track

Summary:

This document is basically ready for publication but has nits that should be considered prior to publication.

(As a person with little ISIS knowledge, but BGP experience, I was able to pick
things up. Good Job!)


Comments:

The use of _L1_/_L2_ is an ISIS terminology, which goes back to RFC1195, I found.
Any reader who is not intimate with ISIS won't know this terminology, which
in RFC1195 is "Level 1" and "Level 2", so please add this to the glossary,
and/or reference 1195.

Major Issues:

No major issues found.

Minor Issues:

I prefer to have the Introduction tell me something about the problem space
before the Glossary floods (pun intended) me with terms, but perhaps document
structure is different in LSR.

Please label the diagram better:
      Figure 1: _Example Topology_
      -> _Example Topology of attempt to extend L2 with L1_

or something like that.  I think it's the thing that doesn't work.
Have you tried running goat on this diagram?  Would look nice in SVG.

Figure 3 does nothave an R22, but it is mentioned in the paragraph on page 6.

Section 4: there are only three bytes in the first line. This is surprising.
        Same in section 5. Maybe something about ISIS stuff I don't know.
   I would have put sections 4,5,6,7 into a Section "Protocol Extensions", but
   that's just me.

Section 9: what happens if the MUSTs on Cluster ID are violated?
        What is the defensive situation?  Does this force flag days?

On the whole, I wonder if this draft hasn't really created an "L3" area, and
calling it that might lead to a clearer situation.

I'm not sure that I agree with _Security Considerations_.
If there are tunnels everywhere in this core, doesn't this present new
opportunities to impersonate devices?

Nits:

I found no obvious nits
